Recall Potion doesn't work when mounted.
Add a option to disable the companions from spawning in the game.
	It should clear the initial companion list of starter companions.
	Companion recruit npcs and spawn scripts should not work with this enabled.
	Something should be done about companions visitting the player. Maybe ignore if they originate from this mod?
Companions with lava waders seems to be broken underwater.
Add a tutorial quest to introduce the mod mechanics to players.
Add a way of marking a world as adventure map.
	Marking a world as adventure map, makes so you can increase the limits of companions you can have summoned.
	There is no requirement to call the companions in this mode, and all companions unlocked can be picked as gameplay partners.
	The trust system doesn't affects this game mode.
	Disable mounting and other functions.
Cpt Stench doesn't shows correctly her arm when running.
It would be nice if Cille was completed before February 10th.
-> A Female Cheetah companion. (Cille)
	Recruitable by racing against her and winning.
	Boom on Discord can aid on this, their idea anyways.
//Companions that spawn with the world still leaves after some time.
The mod still has issues with unloaded sprites being used by the game.
	That happens when reloading any other mod than TerraGuardians.
Enhance companions AI, to detect wether the player is above them or not, while checking for platforms.
	Must be careful for the case of stairways.
There's a error on GuardianUpdateScript on Liebre, It's trying to read a null object.
If multiplayer ends up working, the game should be able to share occasionally feats companions know between each player.
When in 2p mode, companions following the player should be divided into some following the player, and some the leader guardian.
To do on 2P Mode
	Try finding a way of making the keybinding set for player, be the same for the companions.
	Allow the companion make use of their actions, like as if was a order given by the player.
	Allow the companion to manage their inventory slot, while the character is set into automatic mode meanwhile.
	Allow the second player to change the companion they want to play as?
Make dyes equipped by companions work when they're drawn after the tiles or behind npcs.
The problem with the companion summon projectiles giving crashes on collision with solid tile isn't fixed yet.
Add a exclusion list.
	That exclusion list would function like a black list. Once the companion is blacklisted, It wont spawn in any way.
Fix issue where dresses aren't drawn entirelly on the companions.
	Only the upper part of the dress is drawn.
Add a job system for the companions.
	When a companion goes execute a job, a internal minigame could be playing on their AI, to simulate their progress.
	Mining minigame, for example, could have the companions travel through a imaginary 2d array, where they 
	wander around, and when bump into ores, they gather it until it depletes.
A system where the companions could be sent to buy some things for you.
	There should be a window or something, where you could setup which npc from the world to buy the items, and also pick how many of them to buy.
	Upon dispatching the companion, It should take the amount of gold from the player inventory, and store in a internal variable.
		If the buying is successfull, you get the items you bought.
		If it isn't, the coins are refunded to you.

*About Captain Stench*
-Mario head jumping STILL happens(may need to give give natural knockback resist or have full KB immunity for Hswing)
-sapphire needs more base knockback, and its gem projectiles needs more damage
-tg doesnt like to jump to attack airborne opponents
-Gemstones shouldnt be consumed while infusing
-for some reason she still doesnt like to normal attack when out of mana and when getting shot by bullets and cannon balls
